OSDOCS#9971:Added breakglass feature modules for HCP clusters (#73863)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-hcp-sts-revoking-a-break-glass-cred-cli.adoc

* You are the cluster owner.

.Procedure

* Revoke the break glass credentials for a {hcp-title} cluster by running the following command.
+
[IMPORTANT]
====
Running this command will revoke access for all break glass credentials related to the cluster.
====
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ rosa revoke break-glass-credentials -c <cluster_name> <1>
----
<1> Replace <cluster_name> with the name of your cluster.
+
.Example output

[source,terminal]
----
? Are you sure you want to revoke all the break glass credentials on cluster 'my-cluster'?: Yes
I: Successfully requested revocation for all break glass credentials from cluster 'my-cluster'
----

.Verification

* The revocation process can take several minutes. You can verify that the break glass credentials for your clusters have been revoked by running one of the following commands:
** List all break glass credentials and check the status of each:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ rosa list break-glass-credential -c <cluster_name>
----
+
.Example output
+
[source,terminal]
----
ID                                USERNAME    STATUS
2330dbs0n8m3chkkr25gkkcd8pnj3lk2  test-user   awaiting_revocation
----
+

> ** You can also verify it by checking the individual credential:

Reviewer: Vague _it_ reference here. 
```suggestion
** You can also verify the status of a specific credential by running the following command:
```
